.TH morgenlichtctl 1 "July 2016" morgenlichtctl "User Manual"

.SH NAME
.PP
morgenlichtctl \- command\-line client for morgenlichtd


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBmorgenlichtctl\fP [\-hv]

.PP
\fBmorgenlichtctl\fP server\-info

.PP
\fBmorgenlichtctl\fP alarm list

.PP
\fBmorgenlichtctl\fP alarm enable|disable <ALARM>

.PP
\fBmorgenlichtctl\fP alarm add 
\[la]HH:MM:SS\[ra] \-n <ALARM> \-d DayDay [\-c <COLOR>] [\-s <SOUND>]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Manage alarms on a \fBmorgenlicht\fP(7) system.

.PP
\-h, \-\-help                Print help and exit.

.PP
\-v, \-\-version             Print version and exit.

.PP
enable|disable <ALARM>    Enable or disable an alarm.

.PP

\[la]HH:MM:SS\[ra]                The ringing time of the alarm

.PP
\-n, \-\-name=<ALARM>        The name of the alarm

.PP
\-d, \-\-days=DayDay         The weekdays at which the alarm is enabled. String of Mon Tue Wed etc. in order.

.PP
\-c, \-\-color=<COLOR>       The color profile to use.

.PP
\-s, \-\-sound=<SOUND>       The sound to play


.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Disable an alarm:

.PP
.RS

.nf
morgenlichtctl alarm disable "my old alarm"

.fi
.RE

.PP
Add a new alarm:

.PP
.RS

.nf
morgenlichtctl alarm add 06:30:00 \-n "my alarm" \-d MonWedFri

.fi
.RE


.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.PP
\fBMORGENLICHT\_SERVER\fP Override "localhost" as the server to use.


.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Written by Bennett Piater and Andreas Postel.

.PP
Soli Deo Gloria!


.SH REPORTING BUGS
.PP
File an issue at 
\[la]http://github.com/ClawOfLight/morgenlichtctl\[ra]


.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright © 2016 Bennett Piater. Licensed GPLv3: GNU GPL version 3 
\[la]http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html\[ra]
This is free software: you are welcome to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBmorgenlichtd\fP(1), \fBmorgenlicht\fP(7)
